smoke and explosions on the horizon in
North Gaza after Israel bombarded the
area it's still unclear if there are any
casualties the attack follows a night of
relentless bombardment on residential
areas in jabalia and B
lahia several Palestinians were killed
in the offensive a search operation is
underway for
survivors in Gaza City people were
seeing queuing at the Kuwait roundabout
seeking humanitarian Aid only to be met
with
[Applause]
gunfire Witnesses say Israeli Vehicles
nearby opened fire on three trucks
carrying flour water and other
supplies they speak about the aid every
day they're deceiving us three or four
trucks of aid for thousands of people my
son told me that he's hungry and he
couldn't wait anymore my children get up
hungry every morning and I have nothing
to offer them this isn't
life the humanitarian crisis in Gaza is
worsening as malnourished people
including children are struggling to
survive doctors say these children are
dying from a variety of diseases because
of the food
shortage the trickle of humanitarian Aid
being dropped by various Air Forces is
not enough to feed almost 2 and A2
million
people human rights Advocates say Israel
forced starvation of Palestinians is a
war crime people are in Gaza facing
incessant bombardment they are being
starved they lack access to basic
resources they have been displaced
multiple times over most of their most
for most of them their homes um their
hospitals their Community institutions
their schools have been damaged or
destroyed and they're left every day
just trying to survive and the idea that
people are being killed at as they
scaven for meager rations of food is
just
appalling there are 1 million cases of
infectious diseases reported by the Gaza
Health Ministry with few facilities left
to treat the sick the systematic
shelling of gaza's hospitals by Israel
has crippled the health
system the UN is renewing calls for a
Seas fire to save the many in constant
danger Axel zovic Al jazer
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jaaz